[DOCS-10782] adding OOTB tags to Network Analytics (#29265)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/network_analytics.md

To refine your search to traffic between particular endpoints, aggregate and filter your network connections **with tags**. Tags from Datadog integrations or [Unified Service Tagging][12] can be used for aggregating and filtering automatically. When utilizing tagging in Network Monitoring, you can take advantage of how network traffic flows across availability zones for a particular service or for your entire infrastructure. Grouping by `client` and `server` tags visualizes the network flow _between_ those two sets of tags.

> Additionally, Datadog provides a list of default [out-of-the-box](#default-tags) tags that you can use to efficiently query and analyze the network traffic most relevant to your needs.

Reviewer: Consider omitting "efficiently," seems similar to "easily" and other subjective words we try to avoid.

Author: Chatted in slack and electing to leave it, as it's important for the user to know that using OOTB tags is easier than using custom tags for querying in this instance.

| `is_agent_traffic`      | Indicates if the traffic was generated by the Datadog Agent.                                  |
| `tls_encrypted`         | Specifies if the connection is encrypted using TLS.                                           |
| `tls_cipher_suite`      | Identifies the TLS cipher suite used (for example, `tls_ecdhe_rsa_with_aes_128_gcm_sha256`).          |
| `tls_cipher_insecure`   | Indicates if the cipher used is considered secure.                                            |
| `tls_version`           | The TLS version used (`tls_1.2` or `tls_1.3`).                                                |
| `tls_client_version`    | The TLS versions supported by the client (`tls_1.2` or `tls_1.3`).                            |
| `gateway_id`            | Unique identifier for the AWS gateway resource.                                               |
| `gateway_type`          | Type of AWS gateway (Internet, NAT, or Transit).                                              |
| `gateway_region`        | AWS region of the gateway (for example, `us-east-1`).                                                |

> | `gateway_availability-zone` | Availability Zone hosting the gateway (for examle, `us-east-1a`).                                |

Reviewer: Per Vale, also fixes typo:
```suggestion
| `gateway_availability-zone` | Availability zone hosting the gateway (for example, `us-east-1a`).                                |
```

| `gateway_public_ip`     | Public IP address assigned to the NAT gateway.                                                |
| `tgw_attachment_id`     | Unique identifier for the AWS Transit Gateway attachment.                                     |

> | `tgw_attachment_type`   | Type of Transit Gateway attachment (e.g., VPC, VPN, Direct Connect).                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tgw_attachment_type`   | Type of Transit Gateway attachment (for example, VPC, VPN, Direct Connect).                          |
```
